I think I have been carrying a lot of
weight on myself
from my own expectations [music]
and
I'm not alone.
>> Really? Are they your expectations?
Who taught them to you?
M I think
from a young age I kind of like got all
that from
my surroundings like from my teachings
and
my mentors kind of like
>> great. So what's the question?
So
my question is
why I'm always
judging myself
and yeah I think that's my question like
why is always why I always judge myself?
>> Cool. That's a great question. Let's
answer it. This is this could be very
quick. Tell me something that you judge
yourself about.
Not being good enough.
>> Cool. What would you have to feel if you
couldn't judge yourself for not being
good enough?
>> Just in one word, what would you have to
feel?
>> Okay. Can you repeat that question
because I was kind of lost.
>> Of course. Yeah.
>> So, yeah. What would you have to feel if
you just simply could not judge yourself
for you said not being good enough,
not doing good enough? What what would
be the feeling that would have to be
felt if you couldn't have that judgment?
>> I think
sadness.
>> Great. Okay, let's do another judgment.
What's another judgment that you
>> um
not [clears throat] living up to
life expect life
>> your potential expectations that kind of
thing. Cool.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, what would you have to feel if
you couldn't judge yourself for not
living up to life?
I'm thinking.
>> Don't think, feel.
>> Yeah,
I'm feeling anxious. That's the reality.
>> Great. So, you'd have to feel anxiety.
Give me something else you judge
yourself for.
>> Not
being good. Being a good son of my
parents.
>> Great. What would you have to feel if
you couldn't think to yourself, I'm not
being a good son to my parents. I'm bad
for not being a good son to my parents.
What would you have to feel?
>> That's That one was good. That was like
a two-parter.
>> Yeah.
It's kind of like
I want to feel depressive. I
>> Yeah.
So what your body did, I can just tell
you what your body did and you can tell
me if it resonated. What it was was like
I would have to feel anger and as soon
as that anger showed up, you went to
shame.
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah. So that's why you judge yourself
so you don't have to feel these things.
Yeah.
>> Yeah.
>> So,
so and and what it's doing is it's
making you depressed over the long term.
It's making you
put into this depressed mode.
>> So, I just want you to do me a favor.
We're going to do a little experiment
just so that you get it in your body how
to make sure that this thing that I'm
saying is right. We're going to just get
it into the body. This could be very
uncomfortable, but it doesn't have to
be. It's really a choice that you you
can make. Um,
we're going to just move a little bit of
anger, just a little bit. And your job
is to right now feel how much
depression, what you're calling
depression, is in your system right now.
Just kind of feel the level. Just You
don't have to say how much. You just
have to feel the level.
>> Great. That's it. Now, we're going to
just You're just going to do You're just
going to do this in an angry voice and
you're makeelieving. So, you it doesn't
have to be real. You're just like
acting. you're like a great actor and
all you're doing is acting like somebody
who's upset, really upset over uh the
fact that like you've been told to do
[__] and you don't want to do it
anymore. So, you're basically just going
to be like, I don't have to do [__] I
don't have to [__] prove myself. I
don't have to be good enough. I don't
have to [__] like be great. I don't
have to [__] like live up to my
potential. I don't have to do [__]
[__]
You're going to do that for like one
minute.
Keeping eye contact with me while you do
it is would be like priceless.
>> It's kind of like I'm
okay. I have to
>> Yeah. Great.
>> Okay, man. It's fine.
You don't have to be good enough all the
time because you're a human. You
>> I don't have to. I don't have to. I
don't know.
>> Okay. I don't have to [__] [__] things
up because it's fine. It's fine. IT'S
LIFE, MAN. IT'S IT'S GOING TO BE great
rather than just focusing on judging on
you and like not being the good good son
your father want or your mother want.
Who cares? Like they are also human.
They making mistakes, man. It's fine. I
feel like it's it's tiring sometimes.
It's tiring that why I have to keep up
with all people's expectations.
>> Yeah. I only have to keep up with my
own. [laughter]
>> Cool. Great. Now feel your depression.
That was [__] one minute. One minute.
>> Wow.
>> That So that's why you judge yourself
cuz you're not letting yourself feel
that [__]
>> Wow.
>> I'm feeling something [laughter]
and it's good. Isn't that crazy?
>> Yeah.
How the hell do that? How the hell
[laughter] do
[laughter]
>> my brain is kind of like vibrating
still?
>> Yes. Let it let it enjoy it and then let
your let your emotions move and it all
of this will change really really
quickly. Look how quickly it just
happened in a minute.
What a pleasure. Good to meet you, sir.
>> Thank you.
>> Thanks for watching the video. And if
you're interested in having this level
of conversation, not as like a video
that you watch, but something that
happens in your daily life, it's an easy
thing to learn and we teach it all the
time at the connection course. As a
matter of fact, right now there are a
whole bunch of people having
transformative conversations in the
connection course. So, if that's
something that turns you on, go ahead
and click the link below.